There are two main types of Recursion
one is direct recursion and another one is
indirect recursions
In direct recursion
The function will call itself and an indirect Recursion
more than one function will call mutually and this
direct recursion is further categorised into four types
First one is Tail
recursion in Tail recursion the recursive call
is the last thing executed by the function
Next is Head Recursion in Head Recursion the Recursive
Call is the first thing executed by the function
Next we have nested recursion in nested Recursion
Recursive function will pass the parameter as a
recursive call that is recursion inside recursion
Next we have tree or binary recursion in binary
recursion the function calls itself twice so these
are the types of recursions and we will learn
all types of Recursion one by one in the coming videos.